NAS-100038: Add new System > Reporting screen to legacy UI docs (#1215)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

   |                             |          | statistics. This data is stored locally in                |
   |                             |          | :file:`/var/db/collectd/rrd/`.                            |
   +-----------------------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
   | Graph Age                   | integer  | The maximum number of months of reporting data to show    |
   |                             |          | in reporting graphs.                                      |
   +-----------------------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
   | Graph Points Count          | integer  | Number of points for each hourly, daily, weekly, monthly, |
   |                             |          | or yearly graph. Cannot be less than the width of the     |
   |                             |          | graphs in pixels.                                         |
   +-----------------------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

Changing the :guilabel:`Graph Age` or :guilabel:`Graph Points Count`

> requires wiping the current reporting data. This destructive action must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
overwrites the current reporting data. This destructive action must
```
